Add RequiresReplace attribute for secret_name in hvs secret resource (#1157)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-hcp: .changelog/1157.txt

```release-note:bug

> Fix a bug when updating HVS secret name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug where updating an HVS secret name would not recreate the resource as expected
```
